Update README.md (#7948)
ollama/ollama: README.md

- [MindsDB](https://github.com/mindsdb/mindsdb/blob/staging/mindsdb/integrations/handlers/ollama_handler/README.md) (Connects Ollama models with nearly 200 data platforms and apps)
- [chromem-go](https://github.com/philippgille/chromem-go/blob/v0.5.0/embed_ollama.go) with [example](https://github.com/philippgille/chromem-go/tree/v0.5.0/examples/rag-wikipedia-ollama)

> - [Kangaroo](https://github.com/dbkangaroo/kangaroo) (Package and integrate with Ollama, Connects Ollama models via OpenAI protocol, support all Ollama models)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kangaroo](https://github.com/dbkangaroo/kangaroo) (AI-powered SQL client and admin tool for popular databases)
```
